Implement Duplicate column (CSV rule) (#326)
MobilityData/gtfs-validator: RULES.md

<a name="E042"/>

### E042 - Station stop (`location_type` = 2) has a parent stop

Field `parent_station` must be empty when `location_type` is 2

#### References:
* [stops.txt specification](http://gtfs.org/reference/static/#stopstxt)

<a name="E043"/>

### E043 - Duplicated field

> Some file contains the same column name twice

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A file cannot contain the same header value twice (i.e., duplicated column of data).
```
